{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1251\cocoartf2820
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 School 21 (ex Ecole 42 - French International Programming school)
\f1\b0  is a free IT and digital technology education program supported by 
\f2\i Sber
\f1\i0  designed to help people from any background start a career in technology. It offers a project-based learning environment with no traditional teachers, lectures, or grades, where students learn by solving real development tasks and reviewing each other\'92s work. Students progress at their own pace, work collaboratively, and complete practical projects that reflect real industry challenges. The curriculum includes opportunities for internships and career support, and the school operates modern campuses open around the clock. Anyone can apply regardless of prior experience or formal education.\
\
At 
\f0\b School 21
\f1\b0 , assessment is based on 
\f0\b practical projects and performance rather than traditional exams or grades
\f1\b0 . During the 
\f0\b 28-day selection intensive (\'93the pool\'94)
\f1\b0 , participants complete multiple individual and group projects as well as 
\f0\b four formal exam assessments
\f1\b0  that evaluate their programming skills, problem-solving, and ability to work under real-world conditions. Passing this stage is required to continue into the main curriculum. Throughout the core program, students advance by completing hands-on tasks and accumulating experience points, instead of attending lectures or receiving conventional test scores.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 School 21
\f1\b0  provides strong career support and industry integration. During the program, students work on real-world projects that simulate professional development environments and help build a practical portfolio. The school collaborates with technology companies and offers opportunities for 
\f0\b internships
\f1\b0 , allowing students to gain hands-on industry experience. Career guidance, networking events, and employer partnerships help graduates transition into roles such as software developer, systems engineer, or other IT positions.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\f0\b https://21-school.ru/}